Where is Fort Knox located ?
Where is the location of Fort Knox ?
Where did Abraham Lincoln die ?
When was Jack Wolfskin founded ?
In which year was Jack Wolfskin founded?
When did the Boston Tea Party take place ?
In which year did the Boston Tea Party happen?
Where is Sungkyunkwan University ?
Where Sungkyunkwan University is located ?
Who was married to president Chirac ?
What was the name of president Chirac's wife?
What form of government does Russia have ?
What is the form of government in Russia?
How large is the area of UK ?
How much is the area of UK ?
When did princess Diana die ?
How many years ago did princess Diana die?
Who is the mayor of New York City ?
who is current mayor of  New York City ?
When did Latvia join the EU ?
When did Latvia become part of the EU? 
Who created the comic Captain America ?
who broght  Captain America into existence?
When did Michael Jackson die ?
Which year did Michael Jackson die ?
How tall is Claudia Schiffer ?
What is Claudia Schiffer's height?
Which movies star both Liz Taylor and Richard Burton ?
Give the movies which features both  Liz Taylor and Richard Burton ?
Give me English actors starring in Lovesick .
Which English actors starred in Lovesick .
How many people live in the capital of Australia ?
what is the population of Australia capital ?
What is the biggest stadium in Spain ?
What is the name of the biggest stadium in Spain ?
Give me all actors who were born in Paris after 1950 .
Give me all actors whose birthplace is Paris and are born post 1950 .
What is the smallest city by area in Germany ?
Which city in Germany is smallest by area ?
Who is the oldest child of Meryl Streep ?
Who is  Meryl Streep's first child ?
In which place did Abraham Lincoln die?
How many companies were founded by the founder of Facebook ?
What other companies were founded by the founder of Facebook?
Which beer originated in Ireland ?
name that beer that is born in Ireland ?
Is James Bond married ?
Does James Bond have a spouse?
Which scientist is known for the Manhattan Project and the Nobel Peace Prize ?
which scientist is famous for Manhattan Project and has won Nobel Peace Prize ?
How many airlines are members of the Star Alliance ?
What number of airlines are part of the Star Alliance ?
Is the wife of President Obama called Michelle ?
Is Michelle the name of President  Obama's  wife?
Give me all Frisian islands that belong to the Netherlands .
Which are the Frisian islands that Netherland owns?
Give me a list of all lakes in Denmark .
Tell me the list of all lakes in Denmark .
